CT20203304623

Good Afternoon Everyone
I am Dhritesh Bhagat.
I belong to Jamshedpur.
I am pursuing B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering from Institute of Engineering and Management, Kolkata
I have done my High Schooling from DAV Public School.
I have a keen interest in technologies like machine learning, cloud computing, automation.
Related to these Technologies i have a few projects : Ara Ara which is a style gans based face generator which is still in development, BCI Emotion Depression Analyser and SmartBot Monica. 
Furthermore i am learning Blockchain related technologies and looking forward to build some projects using it as well.
I have worked as an SDE Intern at IEM America Corporation, Research Intern at CDAC, Kolkata, and presently as an SDE Intern as Cadre.
In my leisure time i write web comics and do some sketching.
My strengths that some of my friends would say are that I am self-motivated and i learn quick from the situation.
Thats all about myself. Thank you everyone.





In the year 2027 i want to see myself more matured, stable, experienced, knowledgeable and responsible while working at your company. I want to be in a position where people look up to me they find my journey an experience worth noting.
I want to see myself with a good career growth and a satisfying position where i can give 100% to my organization and to my family.





As a fresher i think i would be a good fit for the role as i am a quick learner and highly passionate about the IT industry. If given a chance, i'll give my 100% for getting results for the company. I am highly attached to the TATA vision and way of work. I think this personal attachment of thought and point of view would enable me to deliver everything that you are looking for in a candidate.

TCS' new brand vision to help customers achieve their goals along with better futures for individuals, communities and the planet.

VR, Machine Learning, 




As i am a fresher i need a platform to implement my skills and knowledge of the IT world. Working in your company would give me exposure to trending technologies and places where they are being implemented. Working in a company like TATA Group exposes me to their culture and enriches me as an individual as well. TCS also enables me to make great relations with people who already are experienced and have a vast pool of knowledge and gives me a chance to learn from them and give my 100% for the organisation.




I always longed to work for a company where the dignity and self-worth of the employees are upheld and therefore treated in the best way possible. All of these expectations are profusely fulfilled when it comes to TCS, and we can also expect a home-like workspace from the company. The company’s progressive nature would foster healthy competition, and which I am seeking as of now.